Update validator-node.md (#708)
celestiaorg/docs: docs/nodes/validator-node.md

### Setup QGB keys

> This step helps get you prepared for when the Quantum Gravity Bridge relayer
> is deployed by Celestia Labs. You would still need to go through this step

Reviewer: After thinking about it, we can either leave it as is or replace with the following: 

```suggestion
This step helps get you prepared for when the Quantum Gravity Bridge
is enabled. You would still need to go through this step
```

```

You should now be able to see your validator from a block explorer like [here](https://celestia.explorers.guru)

## Run the QGB Orchestrator

> Now that the QGB will be enabled for BSR,  we should run the QGB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the QGB will be enabled for Blockspace Race (BSR),  all validators will need to run the QGB
```

orchestrator to be able to sign attestations. To run it, please

> check the docs [here](https://docs.celestia.org/nodes/qgb-orchestrator/#install-the-qgb-binary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check the docs [here](https://docs.celestia.org/nodes/qgb-orchestrator/#how-to-run).
```
